Welcome to this Shabbat edition of the
Yahowah blog.
We're here in the library studio.
It's a stormy day in the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Love it when it rains and gets to
be about blustery.
So we're going to postpone our return to
the ocean studio at least for another
couple of days as things mellow out a
bit.
For those of you who listened to the
program last night,
we began a series called Liberty.
It focuses on what God would have us
be liberated from and liberated to.
And quite interesting, of course,
is that we're being liberated away from
religion and we're being
drawn and set apart unto him.
So it is a very interesting perspective,
and we're going to return to that in
a moment.
But before we do,
there's a new song we'd like to play.
It's all about listening to the very call
of our God.
Amen.
In the city where the sun meets the
sea
Where the rhythm of the words sets my
spirit free Echoes in the dark,
surrounded by my enemies They mock and
trash me,
let them fall away I prefer the whispers
of love that makes my soul complete
Yes, it's dope Yeah,
his words are perfect Truth has a
resonance all its own Dancing under stars
The kindness from above was real after
all.
Turned my stone back to earth.
YahuWahh, you instruct and guide me.
Lead me to your right path.
Promise made, promise kept.
Met a man from Adar.
Thank you.
We watch the world turn upside down.
And Shabbat comes like a dawn.
Can you hear the call?
Now hear this, come home Israel.
Leave Babylon behind.
no one else
Came from shadows cast by doubts I once
knew walked away from my father's house
And danced my way back to you Seven
steps at a time Can you hear the
call?
Can you hear the call Can you hear
the call Can you hear the call
Thank you, Leah,
for the most recent song.
It reminds us of the gravity of this
situation.
Sometimes we get so enmeshed in the middle
of the mission
That we don't step back just to have
the proper perspective on what we're
doing.
But you recognize that for the past two
thousand five hundred years.
There's been absolute radio silence from
God.
He has said nothing to anyone.
The last time he spoke through a man
was Malachi in four forty seven BCE.
It was a thousand years since he first
spoke to Moshe in fourteen forty seven
BCE.
And since that thousand years of.
Fairly constant revelation from God
through men of his choosing.
We had gone twenty five centuries where
the only voice of God came from his
Torah,
the prophets and the Psalms that he
inspired.
But they were so badly, errantly rendered,
it was difficult to hear God's voice
through all the religious ranting.
And of course,
on top of what God had to say,
man piled his religious lies, Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam,
such that the truth was buried.
And for the past two thousand five hundred
years,
these religions have garnered enormous
popularity.
Two point five billion.
People who believe that God was a man.
That men can kill God.
That resurrection is a benefit rather than
a liability.
That the product of identity theft,
nothing but a counterfeit.
Should be worshipped.
That Paul.
who admitted to being demon possessed and
who wrote the first fourteen books of the
Christian New Testament should be
believed.
To think that God's name is Jesus.
Or worse,
to think that God doesn't have a name
and that his name is the name and
that he is the Lord when he tells
you he never wants to be called that
because it's Satan's title.
that a man who foisted a false Messiah
on the world, Rabbi Akiba,
who lost tens of thousands of disciples
and then condemned them for their loss,
who caused the diaspora,
who was the man responsible for the Romans
renaming Judea Philistia,
creating the mess that we're witnessing
today.
and you're going to believe him over God
because he's the father of rabbinic
Judaism.
It's deplorable really, isn't it?
And to have those same rabbis then go
off and create Islam by selling Muhammad
Babylonian Talmud stories that he used to
create the Quran's religiosity.
Had the rabbis not sold Muhammad those
stories,
you would have never heard of Islam.
So this is the great travesty that shrouds
the world in darkness.
And it had been that way with no
one even knowing God's name.
No one knowing the greatest truth that has
been discovered
Well,
in more than twenty five hundred years.
That the actual Messiah and son of God.
The chosen one.
The former and returning king.
Who wrote of his own suffering.
Under crucifixion to fulfill Passover and
then his soul's journey into Sheowl .
To remove our guilt.
Dowd is the man who fulfilled the spring
Miqraey in thirty-three CE just as he said
he would.
Neither of these things was known.
And so God re-engaged in the human
experience.
He found a man who was willing to
listen to him at long last.
Maybe not much of a man,
but at least
He was willing to do what no one
had been willing to do for twenty-five
centuries.
And he enabled that man,
so long as he was willing to put
in the effort,
to understand how to pronounce his name,
to appreciate what he was offering and
expecting in return,
to be the first who would understand
the terms and conditions of the covenant
relationships that sits at the heart of
God's story.
To appreciate how the seven Mowed Miqrah
fulfilled the promises of that covenant
and how the first three of those were
honored by our savior, God's beloved son,
Dowd, who the world calls David,
in his second of three lives.
To appreciate exactly when these events
transpired and when the next four Mowed
Miqraey will be fulfilled, ShabuWahh, TaruWahh,
Kipurym, and Sukah, because no one knew.
We do now.
To recognize that we are just seven months
from entering the time of Israel's
troubles.
to realize that the prophecies regarding
the great betrayer who would be the
corporeal manifestation of the adversary
is Donald Trump.
And that he will be responsible for
forcing the two-state dissolution on
Israel and will do so prior to ShabuWahh,
which is the twenty-second of May in
twenty-twenty-six.
to be the first to understand what's going
to transpire on TaruWahh,
and that TaruWahh is part of Chag Sukah,
and that it will be fulfilled in
twenty-thirty-three,
which is year six thousand year,
with the final gleaning and then the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
to purge this mortal remnant,
the final survivors of God's people,
who will be gathered in Jerusalem of their
religious malfeasance.
so that they can witness the return of
father and son on Yom Kippur.
And that after God purges the world of
all religiosity and politics and
militarism, as well as conspiracy,
so that these things are expunged from our
planet,
he's restoring the entire earth to the
conditions experienced in Eden.
And we will enter the garden after a
six thousand year hiatus when we celebrate
Sukah.
in year six thousand YAH,
twenty thirty three.
No one knew these things.
They are now all brought to you through
books like this of the Yada Yahowah series.
There are thirty five of them.
They are all free at YadaYahh.com.
And in them,
you have the opportunity to come to know
Yada, Yahowah, Yahowah's name.
You've come to know his beloved son,
our Messiah and King, indeed our Savior,
Dowd.
So just ponder the magnitude of this
moment.
At the last possible moment,
God communicates through a man again.
call his people home,
to reintroduce them to their king,
the Messiah, the very son of God,
our savior, the Dowd,
and to fulfill the final four Mowed Miqrah
in advance of Yahowah's return.
It's an amazing,
truly amazing set of circumstances,
isn't it?
And that is where we find ourselves.
That is what that song was speaking about.
That is where we are.
And in all of that time,
there had never been anyone who would
effectively destroy the myth of
Christianity, which is, by the way,
essential to doing this job.
Christianity is the biggest lie ever sold.
And it's not a harmless lie because
Christianity is predicated on robbing Dowd
of his titles, Messiah and Son of God,
Savior,
and claiming what Dowd actually achieved
for a ruse, for a counterfeit.
Robbing Jews of their inheritance,
of the promises that God made to his
people.
all based on a pile of lies by
a man who was demon-possessed.
The five volumes of Twistianity convey all
of that.
Again, free at YadaYahh.com.
Five volumes that prove that Christianity
is the ultimate lie.
Doing so, not for the sake of Christians,
they're too far gone, most of them,
to listen, to benefit.
for the sake of God's people so that
they know that the truth was buried under
that lie.
That same individual would do something
that's never been done before.
Not only would he denounce Christianity,
he would denounce Islam.
He'd write five volumes for four thousand
pages devoted to proving
that Islam was the most God damn of
all religions.
God damn means God forsakes, he annuls,
he forbids.
I was the first to reorder the Quran
chronologically and set it into the
context of Muhammad's life using the
Hadith.
In those five volumes,
the entire Quran is presented
As it was spoken and lived by Muhammad
so that it can be understood.
And when it is understood,
it is the most hellacious of books.
Easily the worst book ever written.
Murderous.
Allah demands that all Muslims die killing
for him.
Grotesquely immoral.
The book condones terrorism, mass murder,
thievery, rape, incest, pedophilia.
Allah spends all of his time,
when depicted in the Quran, in hell,
tormenting people.
The reWahrd for being the worst of humanity
is to have multiple virgins and a brothel
of a paradise.
No one has ever exposed and condemned
Islam or exposed what it is all about,
this death cult,
an ode to Satan as effectively as have
I.
At the same time,
I'm the first to prove that Ezekiel is
Satan's autobiography,
so that you would know exactly who Satan
is, what he's trying to achieve,
because knowledge is power.
The first to disprove Judaism.
And then after doing what God wants done,
because
God's argument against religion is the
single most repetitive theme throughout
the Torah and prophets.
God hates religion, all of them.
That after doing that and clearing away
the muck,
providing another twenty-five volumes,
translating the Dead Sea Scrolls and the
oldest texts of Yahowah's inspired
testimony,
using a format that had never been
presented previously,
an amplified translation where the basis
of every word was presented in the most
generic form within a parenthetical and
further explained along with an
explanation of the stems, the modes,
the conjugations.
And then when there was something to be
learned from the history of the words,
their etymology,
tracing them down through their verbal
roots, cognates,
write a commentary to help you understand
God's testimony as never before,
creating the most complete and accurate
translation and rendering really of God's
message to man.
These things had never existed and now
they all exist for you.
And then after doing this and making
twenty-five thousand pages in twenty-four
years,
a hundred thousand hours of devoted work
available to you absolutely free.
Everything at YadaYah.com is free to you.
Then Yahowah asked me to speak directly to
you,
to become the summation of these books.
to get your attention in the way now
the world wants to process information,
the blog.
And here,
late in life after investing twenty-four
years in learning and understanding the
words of Yahowah, I'm speaking to you,
bringing you into my home,
into God's world,
into the very mindset of Yahowah.
being as much the voice of Yahowah as
was Moshe long ago.
Serving God in this way because he wants
you to know what I have learned from
him.
And so this is where we are.
It's an amazing moment in time.
Sometimes we just have to take a
Bit of a step back and have appreciation
for the magnificence of this moment and
all that God is offering to you for
you to benefit.
And yet as glorious as all this is,
we're still in a position where even with
God providing a thousand prophetic
affirmations,
that we are speaking for him at this
moment,
and that we're running out of time for
you to listen.
It's one in a million who pays attention,
which is the same number that God said
would benefit from his mercy when he
etched the second statement in stone,
thirty-five centuries ago.
So here we are.
That is the message.
We're returning now to Dabarym XII.
It is a prophetic witness to our situation
at this time and a message to you
about God wanting you to be free of
all those who besmirch his testimony,
his name, misrepresent him.
who are lost in this world,
and that God wants us to be liberated
from the stigma and stench and stain of
religion, from conspiracy,
from the belligerent and antagonistic
naysayers.
And so this reads, you should tear down
and demolish their religious altars and
their sacrificial offerings for slaying
and slaughtering and crush their
monumental objects of veneration and
sacred idols for their personal standing.
Then burn,
incinerating the toxic serpentine venom of
these ashery,
of these mother goddesses in the blazing
fire.
In addition,
their false representations of these gods
and goddesses,
their idolatrous religious images and
objects of veneration,
you all as men should always cut off
any association and tear us under.
Disassociating and casting down into
non-existence.
and then banish and expel,
completely annihilating and wasting,
wiping out that which pertains to their
name and their reputation.
Out of that site,
that place where they have arisen.
The introduction to Dabarym should never
have been called Deuteronomy twelve.
This notion that God is,
Tolerant clearly is torn asunder,
isn't it?
The notion that God is findable through
religion,
that you can be saved through religion is
utterly destroyed by God's own testimony.
God does not want us to be tolerant.
He doesn't want us to be meek.
The meek and the timid do not tear
down.
They do not banish.
They do not expel.
They do not waste and wipe out.
They do not demolish.
They do not crush.
These are the things that are accomplished
with a strong and fierce hand.
And that's why God prefers strength over
weakness.
He wants us to do what he has
done and will do,
which is to vanquish the religious,
the conspiratorial, the misleading.
And in this case,
specifically as it relates to being
belligerent and ignorant, irritant to us.
to destroy everything associated with
those venerating a mother God.
This is God's call to us.
It's unequivocal.
It absolutely applies to our present
situation.
And it is the antithesis of what you
have been led to believe where tolerance
is considered a virtue
where we are supposed to be accepting and
multicultural when that is an exceedingly
evil position, a rational position,
immoral position.
This is what God has asked of us.
Unfortunately,
his people have done just the opposite.
Judaism is the antithesis of this.
And Israel is as well,
as they wallow in this notion that they're
good because, well,
there are Christian communities among them
and there are Muslims living among them.
Not knowing that God's view on these
things is just the opposite.
We're not to accommodate them,
we're to destroy them.
God's destruction in this case can be
accomplished with words,
words wisely wielded.
That's the reason I wrote these books.
They wield words wisely.
The single most lethal thing that can be
used against the terror and death of Islam
are the Islamic scriptures.
They are deadlier to the religion than any
bomb or bullet.
Wield words wisely.
Now, as I have said so many times,
it's never a bad idea to follow God's
advice or his example.
We got to the place we are today
by going where his words lead,
and this is where they have led.
Now,
speaking of the way of the goyim who
are religious and political,
Yahowah says,
do not act in that way with Yahowah,
your God.
If Yahowah is not your God,
then this message is not for you.
If your God is Hashem or G-D,
this message is not for you.
If you venerate a Lord or a Jesus
Christ, not for you either.
If your God is Allah, just go away.
This message is for those whose God is
Yahowah.
And until Yahowah inspired me to do this
work on his behalf, twenty-four years ago,
there were zero people on this planet
whose God was Yahowah.
Now, there are many.
Rather instead, and by contrast,
move toWahrds the place Yahowah your God
prefers,
from everything associated with your
branches and offshoots,
your tribes and people,
even your rod and your staff,
to this place for his name to rest
thereupon, as his place to inhabit,
to tabernacle, to camp out and abide.
And so you should go there learning as
much as you can,
particularly regarding insights not
previously known.
Dabarym words should never have been
called Deuteronomy, twelve, five.
Now,
after twenty five centuries of the world
forgetting about God, erasing his name,
counterfeiting his son and our savior,
corrupting the covenant,
misrepresenting the annual invitations.
There was no place for Yahowah's name,
nor for his presence.
And even now,
the Temple Mount is scarred with Islamic
trophies.
Therefore,
I want to double down on my previous
assertion that the place Yahowah prefers is
YadaYahhoWahh.
YadaYahhoWahh.com.
And this is the Yahowah vlog.
Where else would one go to learn any
one of these things?
And in particular,
note that in the midst of these
twenty-five thousand pages of translations
and commentary,
there are upWahrds of ten thousand
previously unheralded insights.
This is obviously the reason Yahowah has so
much to say about our collaboration.
Think it through.
before anybody has a knee-jerk reaction
and is opposed to this realization,
that the place where Yahowah has chosen for
his name to appear, for you to yada,
Yahowah,
is in the books and the site and
the blog.
that introduces his name,
reintroduces it after twenty-five
centuries,
that this is now the place that Yahowah
has chosen.
It is the site that you can go
to learn about God.
There is no other site that you can
go to to learn about Yahowah.
The rabbis don't speak for Yahowah,
and they want to take you to their Talmud,
to the idiocy of Judaism.
The Christians don't speak for Yahowah.
They want to change everything and
renounce the Torah on behalf of their
mythical man who became a god.
Not such an effective god because men were
able to kill him.
Doesn't speak very much for his prowess as
a god, does it?
You see,
we live in a world where for twenty-five
centuries
there was no place for Yahowah's name.
And beyond that,
there was no place where one could go
to learn about Yahowah.
And now because Yahowah chose a man to
write these books,
to translate his words and expose them
more accurately and completely than ever
before,
and to convey this message forthrightly to
you,
everything explained,
even giving you the basis of the meaning
of those words yourself so that you could
go and check them and verify them.
It's never been done before.
This is the place that Yahowah chose to
reintroduce his name,
to make it possible for
for you to know him.
I mean, think about this again.
Rather instead, and by contrast,
rather than being religious,
rather than the mother goddess cult that
he just announced, move toWahrds the place,
go in the direction of the home,
the office, the source, the origin,
and the abode.
This very home that Yahowah's turned into
the Yahowah vlog, this site,
of the Yahowah vlog,
the site of YadaYah.com.
Move toWahrds this place.
Yahowah, your God,
prefers that he has chosen for those
entering into the covenant.
God chose one man, twenty-four years ago,
for this express purpose.
It's his choice.
from everything associated with Shabbat.
Men call Shabbat.
What is Shabbat?
Everything associated with your branches.
Oh, there's two of those, Dowd and Yada.
Dowd is the main branch off the Tree
of Lives.
Yada is the branch off the Tree of
Knowledge that now can take you back to
the Tree of Lives.
The Choder, that's a branch.
offshoots again speaking of the children
your tribes your affiliation with Israel
even the rod and the staff the rod
is the rod of divine judgment by god's
own making his choice and dote is the
staff of the ultimate shepherd of the
flock
And this is the place where Yahowah has
put his name, the place where he lives,
camps out and abides as we are brought
back to the Gan Eden.
And for the first time,
the story of from the garden to the
garden over six thousand years has made
evident to you.
And keep in mind then what follows.
God says you should go there to learn.
This is the one place you can go
and learn about the Yahowah.
As much as you can,
particularly regarding insights not
previously known.
So my friends, it's true.
After all of this time,
God has found someone through whom he
could collaborate once again,
and you can learn from him.
Well, ultimately,
we're all going to return to Jerusalem,
including the fellow through whom Yahowah
worked.
He's one of the two witnesses.
And so we will return,
and this will be the place for Yahowah's
name.
The shrines to Satan will be destroyed.
And the house of Yahowah will be restored.
King will return.
A remnant of Yisrael will be spared.
It's all going to take place in Jerusalem.
And then Yahowah returns.
This is where he supported Dowd's
fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand Yah.
And it is in the sky above Jerusalem
that father and son will arrive on Yom
Kipurym.
in year six thousand, yeah?
To celebrate Sukkot.
And this is why Yahowah wants his people
to constantly seek to be in this place,
returning to it after having learned all
we can come to know about Dowd and
his shining city on a hill.
And this is why the Coming Home series
and Yada Yahowah
are focused on this mission.
If you want to be there with us,
you know where you are expected to return
and what you need to read and listen
to, to find your way home.
And when you arrive at this place,
pursue that which elevates you,
causing you to rise.
the sacrificial offerings that have been
made for you and consider your tenfold
enrichment along with the uplifting
benefits that you can offer with your hand
and your influence,
the value and merit of the promises that
you have made,
including willingness to contribute
something useful.
On account of the fruitful firstborn,
the oldest with birthrights,
as observant and considerate,
this Baqar for you in the morning,
as well as the Sion lamb on your
behalf.
The body and words never should have been
called Deuteronomy, twelve, six.
Once you have read the Yada Yahowah series,
once you have done as this suggests and
you've come home here and here with your
soul, once you have done these things,
then you are assured of arriving at the
greatest show ever on earth,
this marvelous,
Fifteen day plus another eight.
Celebration,
where we will explore everything that can
possibly go right with TaruWahh,
Yom Kipurym,
and Sukah in year six thousand, yeah.
These books will take you home to
Jerusalem
to doubt, to Yahowah.
And when you have availed yourself of this
knowledge that leads you there,
you'll find yourself elevated.
You will rise.
You will be among those who are harvested
on ShabuWahh.
You'll be among those who return to
celebrate TaruWahh and witness this greatest
show on earth as we prepare this final
remnant of Yisrael for Dowd's return as
king.
And then enter the garden on Sukah,
where then we are empowered to serve as
the teachers for this mortal remnant.
You will rise.
And you will recognize the sacrificial
offerings that have been made for you.
Dowd fulfilling Pesach,
crucified as he was by the Romans to
open the doorway to life for you.
Then on Matsah,
his soul taking your guilt into shield and
positing it there and never to be seen
again for you.
And then the firstborn son of God
leading the way for us to follow on
the so that we could become children of
God.
This fulfillment makes ShabuWahh possible,
the upcoming harvest.
And it is on behalf of Dowd who
fulfilled the spring, Mick Gray,
that we serve our God and our King
on TaruWahh,
where yet another sacrifice is made.
and that that Baqar that was spoken of
the bull is offered to purge the
adulterous woman,
this religious woman of Israel,
so that she's ready to be betrothed to
her king.
These are the sacrificial offerings that
have been made for you.
And as a result of Bikuwrym and ShabuWahh,
there are two offerings.
tenfold enrichments, empowerments,
enablement's that God is offering.
Literally the transformation of having
your soul trapped in a mortal body with
all of its limitations and failings to
being encapsulated in light and energy.
So consider that your tenfold enrichment.
along with the uplifting benefits that you
can offer through your influence,
your hand.
Whether it's pecking away at the keyboards
and making posts in social media,
whether it's editing and using the
keyboard again to create animations and
songs like the one that my wife created
and we posted at the beginning of this
program.
whether it's promoting social media sites
to get people's attention,
whether it's editing these books as we
write them, whether it's creating, again,
using your hands and that keyboard,
enhancing the YadaYah.com website
experience,
creating databases that can be searchable
or making the experience more interactive,
helping to get the books updated at
Amazon.
And book vault.
All of these things you can do.
Manage this show as Rich is doing over
to my right so that we can bring
this live stream to you in the midst
of a torrential downpour as the water
falls out of the sky as we began
this program.
It was almost deafening.
It was so loud just a moment ago.
And yet, here we are.
as he monitors the upload streams of what
is a live broadcast, a live stream.
You can do all of those things.
And if you're going to be part of
the covenant, God expects it of you.
There are no deadbeats in heaven.
You want to be part of God's family.
Act like it.
So this includes your willingness to
contribute, to do something useful.
And that is the greatest joy that has
occurred over the last year is so many
people becoming part of the covenant and
engaging, making a contribution,
doing something useful,
enriching the experience,
showing your appreciation by being
generous with your time and your abilities
and doing this on account.
of the fruitful firstborn,
the eldest with the birthrights.
Who is the firstborn of Yahowah, the bokor?
It's Dowd.
We're doing this on behalf of God's
firstborn son, Dowd David.
He's our king.
When we serve him, we are serving Yahowah.
And we are told also that there's more
to the story than just Dowd,
who is the Passover lamb.
For those who are living now to benefit
from what God is offering,
the gift is being provided by the Baqar,
the bull.
Baqar means that he is observant,
that he is considerate,
and that he not only will make his
sacrifice in the morning on TaruWahh,
that he begins before the sun rises every
day and he does and without that bull
the fierceness the Chazaq nature of the
bull the tenacity of that bull that none
of you would be here not one of
you would know Yahowah's name not one of
you would know
the purpose of the seven Mowed Miqraey.
Not one of you would know the conditions
or the benefits of the covenant.
Not one of you would know that Dowd
is not only the Messiah and the son
of God, the former and returning king,
but he is the one who fulfilled the
spring Miqraey and he is the one who
is returning on Yom Kippur.
It's a lot riding on that bull.
He's not seeking credit.
God's not even trying to credit him in
this statement.
He's just pointing out something that's
essential for you to know.
If you're going to come to know him
and become part of his family and make
a contribution as this requests,
you need to know who the bull is,
why God chose a bull,
what he's accomplishing through the bull
and how that bull is in partnership
With the lamb.
His king.
Now there are options.
To interpret many of these requests.
Most translations insist.
That God is asking the children of Israel.
To provide all of these things to him.
Alternatively.
You can be better understood.
I think this can be better understood.
Yahowah can be better understood.
Offering all these things.
As benefits to his people.
Doing so during the Mowed Miqrah.
which still expect and God still expects
those who benefit to act upon them,
to engage in them and to reciprocate to
some extent.
Now, if the latter,
then after coming to YadaYah.com,
after reading YadaYahhoWahh and listening to
the Yahowah blog,
God is asking you to pursue that which
elevates your soul.
during the Miqrah,
which brings us to the presence of the
uplifting and transformative fire that is
presented so often throughout the
invitations to meet with God,
where physical bodies are replaced with
light and energy as the conveyors of our
soul.
Likewise,
Yahowah wants us to be cognizant of the
sacrificial offerings of the lamb and the
bull.
They have been made and will be made
for everyone's benefit,
both providing a tenfold enrichment and
empowerment through Bikuwrym and ShabuWahh.
Therefore, as part of the covenant family,
God is insisting that we make a
contribution, that we participate,
that we
we show that we can offer something of
value,
that we verify the merits of our
commitment to him.
Ultimately,
it comes down to the contributions of two
men during the Mowed,
the lamb fulfilling Pesach and the bull
being sacrificed on TaruWahh.
And since both men are being symbolically
portrayed by animals,
we know that they are firstborn sons,
older men with birthrights.
And while the lamb is readily identified
as Dowd, our Messiah,
our shepherd and our king,
Sion indicates that he is part of the
flock representing Yisrael.
And as for the Baqar, the bull,
he is foretold to be observant and
considerate,
either a mourning person or someone whose
sacrifice will occur before noon,
which was, of course,
the opposite of what happened with the
Passover lamb who was slain in the late
afternoon.
Further,
since the Baqar bull wrote Yadda Yahowah on
behalf of the Shon, the lamb,
by including them,
God is affirming that this is where his
name would be reintroduced and where it
resides.
Also relevant,
when this was initially spoken and
written,
there would be another one thousand four
hundred and eighty years before God would
enable the lambs
to fulfill the role destined for it on
Passover,
and three thousand four hundred and eighty
years before the bull would be asked to
fulfill the Day of the Herald,
which is when the two most uplifting and
enriching sacrifices occur.
The hope was then by offering these
harbingers of what the lamb and bull would
achieve.
The children of Yisrael would be mindful
of the intent of the Miqrah and anticipate
their fulfillment.
And even better,
now that we can look back to what
Dowd has done and capitalize upon his
sacrificial offering,
while we anticipate and appreciate what
will occur on TaruWahh in twenty thirty
three,
we have the best vantage point that has
ever been offered anyone.
And by knowing our bearings,
we gain great confidence in navigating
this time.
God wants us to be happy, of course.
After all,
spending an eternity with a sourpuss
wouldn't be very appealing.
There would be no mourning clothes in
heaven.
Moreover,
after considering what he has done and
will do for us upon reading and benefiting
from incorporating the lessons of Yadda
Yadda, well,
Everyone's going to be elated.
And then you will be nourished there,
God says, before the presence of Yahowah,
your God,
rejoicing and glad in everything you
endeavor to undertake and influence.
And your family members,
which as a result of this relationship,
Yahowah has blessed you.
The body and words, twelve seven.
If you follow the advice that Yahowah has
given and you come home to him via
YadaYahhoWahh, via YadaYah.com,
via the Yahowah blog,
then you will be nourished.
These books feed your soul.
And you're going to enter the very
presence of Yahowah.
That is their purpose.
That is why Yahowah and I collaborated on
this effort.
You will rejoice.
You will be glad.
And that will permeate everything you
endeavor to undertake and influence as a
result of this relationship.
And Yahowah will bless you as a result.
And it's the way it should be.
God will get down.
Barak means God literally gets down on his
knees to lift us up rather than us
getting down on our knees to lift him
up and praise,
which would just be ludicrous.
That would mean that God created an
inferior being to worship him,
which is make God deplorable.
God does what he can,
what he wants to do as our father,
to get down and lift us up.
to kneel down in love,
to enable us to be all we can
be.
So again,
with twenty-five thousand pages of Amplify
translations and insights and many
hundreds of hours of revealing vlogs,
there is more to digest,
to be nourished by,
Yahowah at YadaYah.com than anywhere else on
earth.
And the NEA.com experience now is not just
the books and their page turners.
You actually feel like you're holding the
book in your hand.
It's literally a three-D experience with
that book on your smartphone or on a
tablet or on your laptop or on a
computer monitor or a television.
You have full access of what you can
do and the maneuvering and reading of that
book and they're all free.
But you also have the experience
the vlog it's like going to YouTube and
being able to play these programs but yet
never leave the site even as they're all
playing for you and you get that to
hear the Word of God to see it
to experience it have it explained updated
to you in your presence and if that
were not enough then there's actually a
blog on in addition to the blog where
We have an interactive experience where
the kind of presentation and interaction
that exists on X and on Facebook is
dynamically created at YadaYah.com.
And you can read and enjoy the posts
that are made in those medium without
actually having to go to either XR or
Facebook.
All of that, oh,
here it is being presented for you.
And you can see that you have here
all of the access to all of the
books,
all of the posts on X and on
Facebook and the media section,
all of the...
No, not that one.
It's not live yet.
Oh, okay.
I guess we're still focusing.
I mean,
I'm looking at what he has on this
screen, but it's on his screen, not mine.
And it would be interesting if he is
able to do it,
but he could actually walk you through the
YadaYah.com site.
YadaYah.com.
or YadaYahowah.com site.
And you will find that on that site,
that all of the books are literally
presented as page turners for you.
You will find it's like you're on a
cell phone now and it's being done in
a different way.
We'll try this on a different time.
Rich,
and we'll actually go through that whole
site.
Well,
you've got now a decent picture of it.
I hope that is live.
If it is, okay,
then click on the books section of it,
and you can see what we have under
each of these sections.
under the book,
so you can go down there and you
have the three that are the introduction
to God here,
followed by the nine volumes that are part
of the Yada Yahowah series.
If you go to that last three on
the far right,
you'll find the most recent edition,
not that one, last one of the three.
There,
Etz Sarah is the most recent book that
has been published called Time of Trouble.
It is well over eight hundred pages of
analysis of what is going to occur during
these last days.
We have been doing a number of programs
from it.
Then after the Yadda Yahowah series,
you'll find the observation series,
of which there are five,
which we go through Dowd's Mashal,
his Proverbs,
and also through the book of Yasha'yah,
Isaiah,
and reveal what the great prophet had to
tell us about
where we find ourselves in the midst of
God's timing and plan.
The Coming Home series, as you can see,
is like this.
There are currently three of them.
I'm writing the fourth now,
about a third of the way through the
creation of the fourth series of Coming
Home.
Click on any one of those just for
fun.
And this is what you come to.
These are page turners.
So
There's the cover and that arrow on the
far right, when you click on it,
it'll just take you from page to page
through the book.
And here's your opportunity to read it.
Even though these things are PDFs,
We've created the ability for you to copy
and paste so that you can take the
material and post it on various sites and
share it.
An amazing version of the site in this
regard.
We'll go back, if we can, Rich,
to the book page on the site.
Just go back to books.
Books is the – no,
click on Books on the top.
There you go.
Go on down,
and you'll see after the Coming Home
series, you have the Babel series.
The first of those is the series that
I wrote exposing readers to what –
Elijah and Michael said as prophets
through Daniel.
And then the two books that disprove the
book of Ezekiel following it.
Then there's five volumes on twistianity
that prove conclusively that Christianity
is not only a false religion,
but that the Christian New Testament is
untrustworthy and contradictory.
It is one of the great gifts.
If you know a Christian that is beginning
to question their religion,
Uh,
no one has ever read through these books
and remained a Christian.
They are exceedingly effective.
And then, uh, uh,
the very place where we started together,
although originally was called prophet of
dome.
Now there's five volumes and goddamn
religion, uh, that, uh,
do the most comprehensive job ever on
exposing and condemning the Islamic
religion.
There was five of these books and they
were all available to you all for free.
And so now if we go back to
the homepage and we click on,
there you go.
Oh no,
click on the blog section of it.
This gives us the opportunity to bring the
media experience to you,
for those that don't really like the sWahmp
that is X or the...
nature of Facebook or social media,
you can go to this particular page on
the website at YadaYah.com and you can view
the shorts,
you can view posts that I present every
day on those sites and they're
automatically fed and kept current here.
So it gives you a really an interactive
experience
as part of the site.
It's a marvelous way to enjoy God's
message.
And then we click back on the homepage
here and go on down on the homepage.
Just go on down.
Now,
what you see is there is that purple
screen there that would change daily,
but it takes the most recent long-form
media presentation that we have done,
and it presents it there.
If you were to click on it,
you would actually begin to listen to this
program as it is actually posted online.
one of the YouTube channels,
but yet you are able to stay here
on the website without actually having to
visit YouTube.
So it gives you an interactive experience
in one place where you get to experience
the best of YouTube, Facebook,
and X in this kind of a format.
And then also provides beneath all of
this,
you'll find the links to many of our,
just down a little bit further there,
You'll find there's the links to many of
our social media platforms.
And then there's actually a media page
that takes you to all of them.
So you can participate and stay current in
all of these different places.
A marvelous, marvelous website.
Exceedingly interactive.
And it's going to continue to progress and
to grow and develop in features.
So this is...
Literally what God had in mind when he
chose a place to reacquaint the world with
his name, what he's offering,
what he's expecting in return,
and to make the world aWahre once again
of what his beloved son has provided for
us by becoming our savior and fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym in your life.
So there we are.
That is the website.
We'll go on with our program.
And thank you, Rich,
for that opportunity to walk people
through YadaYahda.com.
We encourage everyone to avail themselves
of all of the material that is there.
And it's the best place really to go
and read these books because you'll find
all thirty five of them for free and
every page,
every insight available for you.
uh to learn it's what god wants you
to have available to you it's the very
thing that he has been conveying uh
through this process through this torah
teaching so frankly it's all because
there's great freedom in our relationship
with Yahowah
And throughout eternity,
we're going to be able to roam the
universe,
exploring everything that he has created
for our enjoyment and edification,
all because of what he has provided for
us to grow ever closer to him,
to be liberated from the control of
religion and politics and of conspiracy so
that we are emancipated as members of
God's family.
Now, because it is obvious I have made
the claim previously that many,
if not most of the Torah narratives have
turned out to be both depictions of
historic events and portrayals of future
occurrences.
Further,
since the impact of these circumstances as
they play out in our time are actually
far more important,
let's listen in on Moshe's affirmation of
this reality.
You should never act nor should you engage
doing anything in the manner that we are
doing here, this today.
For each individual appears righteous in
his own eyes.
This is because you yourselves have not
yet come before the restoring witness,
pursued the eternal testimony.
Or arrived at the harvest such that you
are presently included as of now.
In a position to contemplate settling down
spiritually.
Or for the inheritance,
which for the benefit of the relationship,
Yahowah your God will be providing for you.
Dividing words, Deuteronomy twelve nine.
Without everything that I have shared with
you, without a.
comprehensive understanding of where we
are in God's timeline and how
disingenuous, controlling,
counterproductive religions have been.
You wouldn't understand this if it weren't
for the fact that we have done something
that heretofore no one has done previously
and explained that the entire Exodus
experience, the entirety of the Torah,
is an exceedingly embittered encounter
between man and God.
Even in the garden, it was bitter.
The situation that required Noah to build
the ark, bitter.
The fact that there was only one man
that was willing to leave Babylon to
listen to Yahowah and yet
he was not a very nice man and
there was bitter contention and then you
you consider the bitterness as we move
forWahrd particularly with Ya'aqob and and
with Esau and then with the their sons
of Ya'aqob
The initial tribes of Israel,
just nothing but bitterness and the
bitterness that took place among them.
And then the bitterness of the Exodus.
I mean, the Exodus,
the entire experience of the Exodus.
I mean,
the majority of the Torah is just one
heartache after another of God's people
treating God horribly,
spitting in his face,
kicking sand in his eyes,
saying they never want to hear from him
or see him again.
And if you didn't know this,
and you didn't know that Jews and all
of those who created religions based upon
the Jewish experience were antagonistic
toWahrds God,
you wouldn't understand what Moshe is
saying here.
Because this is really profound.
I don't know if you picked it up
as I was reading through it,
but let me see if I can explain
it.
Moshe says,
I don't want any of you to act
like you're doing now.
You should never act or engage doing
anything in the manner that we're doing
here.
Whoa.
I mean, this is Dabarym.
This is a summation of the Exodus
experience.
And Moshe is saying,
don't ever do any of this.
Don't engage this way.
Don't act in the manner that we are
doing here on this day.
Why?
Because you're righteous in your own eyes.
And that's the way it would continue.
Which means that these explanations in the
Torah, the teachings in the Torah,
The covenant as it's presented in the
Torah.
The Mowed Miqrah as they're presented in the
All of these instructions as they are
presented in the Torah were not for them.
They never capitalized upon them.
They did not benefit from them.
They did not understand them.
They did not agree with them.
They weren't for them.
The Torah was not for the children of
Israel during the Exodus.
They rejected it.
And here's Moshe saying,
Just forget it.
Don't even act upon this.
Don't do anything we're doing now.
Because it's just going to make matters
worse.
Why?
Because you're too full of yourselves.
And they still are with their Talmud,
with Judaism.
The arrogance of the rabbis.
And so he says,
I'm going to explain this to you again.
This is not just because you're full of
yourselves, righteous in your own eyes.
Citing rabbis as opposed to Yahowah.
This is because you yourselves have not
come before the restoring witness.
Yahowah is going to provide a restoring
witness and he now has.
But until that restoring witness arrives,
this material doesn't pertain to you
Because you don't understand it.
Because you don't know how to capitalize
upon it because you're just making a mess
of everything.
So this does not pertain to you until
such time as the arrival of the restoring
witness.
And that he has pursued the eternal
testimony.
And that he is here to pursue the
harvest of ShabuWahh.
This is because you're just not in a
position to even contemplate settling down
spiritually.
You're awash in politics and religion and
conspiracy.
Your soul is so troubled.
You're not even in a position,
most of you,
even to embrace Yahowah's name,
to accept David as the savior, God's son.
our returning king.
You're just not in a position to settle
down spiritually.
Rabbis don't understand the difference
between a soul, an neshamah, so a nephesh,
an neshamah, and the ruach.
They get them all confused.
And when you've got them all confused,
you don't know which one is which and
how they interact together.
You're just not in a position to even
contemplate settling down spiritually
until you know Yahowah by name,
You realize what he's offering and
expecting in return.
You embrace the conditions of the covenant
and attend the Mowed Miqraey as they were
intended.
You're not in a position to contemplate
settling down spiritually until you
embrace our king.
You're not ready for the inheritance that
he is offering.
You're not cognizant of the benefits of
the relationship that Yahowah offers.
as God will be providing.
The reason that so much of the Torah
is prophetic of our situation right now is
because it was written for our situation
right now, not for us, for you.
That is a disclosure that I never thought
I'd see in the Torah,
but I understand it.
You know,
the rabbis have written over the Torah
with their Talmud and now call their
Talmud Torah.
They've simply replaced it.
Christianity exists to annul the Torah.
Islam only mentions the Torah because
Muhammad bought Talmud stories from the
rabbis.
which Muhammad twisted to suit his
situation.
It's all for now because it's now or
never.
You understand that?
You've gone.
Thirty five centuries without making any
progress toWahrds God have been walking
away from him all of that time.
And now you've got eight years left.
It all comes down to this.
Since no one was listening to Yahowah or
to Moshe during the Exodus,
the Israelites were doing their own thing,
appearing righteous in their own eyes
while annoying God.
And since very few Jews are listening
today,
the religious are still an annoyance.
completely out of sync with God's intent.
Therefore,
they are engaging as if they were doing
what the rabbis tell them rather than what
Yahowah instructed.
This is as they have been.
They got off on the wrong foot and
they have never caught their stride with
God.
They're halakha,
walking to the beat of their Talmud.
rather than Yahowah's Torah teaching.
And this brings us to a very stark
reality,
an insight no one has dared think,
much less share.
The Torah was not written for them.
It was for us.
They have done nothing with it.
other than to twist God's message,
to erase his name,
to pursue their own religious rebellion.
And this being so,
every word of the Torah is prophetic.
Now, should you disagree, prove me wrong.
Beginning with a different interpretation
of dividing twelve,
beginning
At the first verse right to the end.
Show me where the Israelites not only
listened and acted upon Yahowah's message,
but were transformed by it.
And here we have a chapter that is
devoted to eating anything you want.
And Judaism is filled with a thousand laws
on what you can't eat.
It wasn't just then, but especially now.
Or even more specifically,
was there ever an issue with the Asherah,
the mother goddess, veneration then?
Or is this an issue which has only
more recently arisen, making it prophetic?
Do Jews eat whatever they want,
as this chapter of Dabarym explains,
or do they have an entirely different
different legal system based upon imposing
rabbinic kosher dictates?
Why would Moshe tell the Israelites that
they should not continually engage as they
were doing then if the Torah was having
any effect on their lives then?
And this conclusion is drawn from the
evidence
And it is among the most significant that
we have discerned over the past
twenty-four years.
Because it explains why Yahowah chose to
outsource Yahowah, doing so to a knackery,
observant foreigner.
It explains why Judaism is as far removed
from the Torah's guidance as is
Christianity and Islam.
also rabbinical religions.
It explains the Talmud.
But most of all,
we have returned to contemplate its direct
implications on our situation today and
very little influence on what transpired
three millennia ago is presented here.
In fact, Moshe just said,
don't do as we're doing on this day.
Why?
Because this lesson is for another day.
Day of the lamb and of the bull,
of the restoring witness,
of when the inheritance will actually be
received.
It would not be until the arrival of
the Ad,
the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony at the cusp of the bow,
pursuing being included in the upcoming
harvest,
that any of this would begin to resonate
with anyone.
Back then,
the Israelites were not yet Menuchah,
in a position to contemplate settling down
spiritually with Yahowah.
They would not benefit from the covenant
relationship for thirty-four centuries
because they knew nothing of its
conditions or benefits.
And frankly, they had no interest in it.
Their religion would remain far more
important to them than a relationship with
God,
particularly a God whose name they had
erased.
Their inheritance would not be claimed by
them,
but instead by us for the final remnant
of the Israelites on TaruWahh.
Eight years from now.
Yes, Yahowah offered it all to them,
but they did not accept it.
We are representing it in a way only
a fool would now disrespect.
Over the past thirty five centuries,
Jews have continued to dissent.
falling further away from God.
And this is why this statement remains
prophetic and not historic.
There is no peace, there is no respite,
just an ever escalating progression of
hostilities and adversaries.
When you pass over the Yarden,
which is the descent,
and you settle down and remain
living in the land,
that as a benefit of the relationship,
Yahowah, your God,
will be providing as an inheritance for
you.
And he engenders this spiritual respite
for you.
Apart from all of your enemies,
without any hostilities or opposition from
anyone surrounding you,
such that you will be able to live
and dwell confidently, safely,
and securely.
Then,
It will come to pass that this dwelling
place,
this home to take a stand and to
be upright,
which is a benefit of this relationship.
Yahowah your God has chosen and prefers for
himself for his name to dwell and remain
by way of a foreigner who was in
close proximity.
You will finally arrive and you will be
included in that harvest.
This is an association with everything
which to enable the way to the benefit
I myself have directed and appointed,
providing authorized instructions
regarding you as an elevating offering for
you, sacrifices killed for you,
all to enrich you tenfold.
This gift and voluntary contribution to
elevate and uplift, you can grasp.
and you can influence, indeed,
as the best of all choices,
by your making a binding commitment which
endures,
such that you honor the conditions of your
promise regarding to the relationship that
is there for you to approach, Yahowah.
The Dabarym words, twelve, eleven.
Israelis and Jews,
are still in a free fall away from
God.
They don't know his name.
They're clueless regarding their savior.
They don't listen to either.
And while some forty percent of Yaakov's
descendants are back in the land,
they are in spiritual upheaval as a result
of their rabbis and living under the
constant threat of terror by Muslims.
Therefore, this is addressing
this future remnant who will gather in
Jerusalem on TaruWahh,
the day of the Herald in twenty thirty
three year six thousand YAH.
It is then that Yahowah will purge the
planet of all traces of religion and then
protect his people as we return to the
protective confines of Dan Eden.
When this transpires,
beginning on September twenty third and
twenty fourth,
on TaruWahh and progresses through Yom
Kipurym on October second with Yahowah's
return with Dowd.
And as God restores the earth to the
conditions enjoyed during the garden,
the Yadda Yahowah library will become more
important than ever.
Our mission will be to educate the
arriving remnant so that they can use this
time to elevate their status.
and become part of the covenant family.
This will be the time and place when
those dwelling with God will finally come
to benefit from the relationship.
This is the family that Yahowah has chosen.
This is the one he prefers.
It is the place where his name will
dwell and remain.
It is possible because a foreigner engaged
working with God to lead his people back
to him.
Many will arrive,
and many of them will be included in
the Beryth.
Everything is now pursuant to Yahowah's
directions.
This is what he has authorized.
It's what he has appointed from the
beginning.
His instructions direct his people home at
this point in time.
But of course,
there is more to our reconciliation
because the path to God is through the
Mowed Miqraey.
Therefore,
Yahowah is reminding those who wish to
participate that his son, Dowd,
provided the elevating offering when his
body was sacrificed for you such that the
beneficiaries would be enriched tenfold
via Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
Dowd volunteered to serve us in this way.
And that is now something we can grasp.
because for the first time,
everything is explained throughout Yada
Yahowah.
Reading it now would be the very best
decision that anyone can make at this
moment.
And while we are conveying the message
that God has asked in Yada Yahowah to
know Yahowah,
We know that it leads directly to the
birth covenant.
And the more we grasp,
the more we can accomplish.
Yahowah wants us to go beyond beneficiaries
to contributors.
And he wants our commitment to him and
to his family to be rock solid and
unWahvering.
There can be no covenant one day and
mother goddesses the next.
We must show some integrity and be loyal,
to be steadfast, to be enduring.
The absurd notion of claiming to be
covenant based upon what was revealed in
Yada Yahowah and then trashing it to appease
a psychopath and her demonic delusions
about a spiritual mother isn't acceptable.
And that is the point of this prophecy
from the Torah.
And it is shared then and now for
no other reason than to alert those
contemplating the potential veracity of
messages and opposition to what you're
hearing here.
The dire consequences of such
affiliations.
Unless someone better.
arrives and something superior is composed
in conjunction with Yahowah and his
prophets the surest way to approach god
and enter heaven is by listening to the
Yahowah blog and reading yada Yahowah and for
that reason i thank you for listening and
i look forWahrd to our time together when
we next enter this library studio
on behalf of our God and his people.